Consider nicknames when searching (#4663)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

## Unversioned

> - Minor: Consider nicknames when searching for messages (#4663)

Reviewer: Small rewording suggestion

```suggestion
- Minor: Nicknames are now taken into consideration when searching for messages. (#4663)
```
